School bus trip
Peppa and herfriends
are going on a school bus trip.
Children, children,
attention, please,
let's check that you are here.
Peppa and George?
Here.
Rebecca and Richard rabbit?
Suzy sheep?
Here.
Zoe zebra?
Danny dog?
Here.
Emily elephant?
Pedro pony?
Pedro pony is not here.
Sorry, we're late.
Pedro, you almost
missed the school trip.
Sorry, madam gazelle.
Never mind,
you're just in time.
All aboard.
Ms. Rabbit is the bus driver,
full steam ahead.
See you later.
Children, attention, please.
Today we are going on a trip
to the mountains.
Hooray!
Have all of you got your lunch boxes?
Yes. Madam. Gazelle.
Madam. Gazelle,
please can we eat our lunch now?
Peppa, we'll eat lunch
when we arrive in the mountains.
Peppa, what have you got
in your lunch box?
All right. A red apple.
I have got a green apple.
Shuu... swap.
Ok.
Peppa, Suzy?
What are you doing?
Suzy told me to open my lunch box.
Peppa told me to swap ourapples.
Haha, That. S fine.
But please save some food
forthe picnic.
Yes, madam gazelle.
The bus has arrived at the
foot of the mountains.
The mountain road is very steep.
Come on, bus,
you can make it.
Come on, bus.
Hooray!
Peppa and herfriends are
at the top of the mountain.
Look at the view.
WOW wow wow wow...
Who said that?
It's yourecho.
What's my echo?
An echo is the sound you hear
when you speak loudly in the mountains.
Like this
Yo da la yeewo
Yo da la yeewo Yo da la yeewo...
Echoes are fun.
Time for our picnics.
Peppa loves picnics.
Everyone loves picnics.
Where are the ducks?
They always turn up
when we have picnics.
Silly peppa.
Ducks don't live in the top
of the mountains.
Oh
Hello, Mrs. Duck,
Would you like some bread?
The ducks are very lucky today.
There's lots of bread.
The ducks are eating too quickly.
Goodness me.
Home time.
All aboard.
It's time to go home.
Everybody has had a great time.
Let's all sing a song.
Can we have the
Bing Bong song, please?
Please, madam gazelle,
sing the Bing Bong Song.
All right.
Ohhh, we're playing a tune,
and we're singing a song with a bing
and a bong and a bing.
Bong bing boo, bing bong bing,
bing bong bingly bongly boo.
bing bong bingly bungly boo.